Add accessibility statement content (#472)
cds-snc/gcds-docs: src/en/accessibility.md

Public servants who use the components as intended are creating Government of Canada websites and applications in line with accessibility standards.

## Our accessibility checklist

The entire GC Design System builds in accessibility from the start to meet accessibility standards. This includes this website, as well as design tokens and components.

### Navigation

<gcds-details details-title="Focus states">
  <p>Interactive elements, like buttons, links, and form fields, have clear and visible focus states to guide people who use keyboard navigation.</p>
</gcds-details>

<gcds-details details-title="Keyboard navigation">
  <p>Keyboards can be used to navigate the system by people who cannot use a mouse.</p>
</gcds-details>

<gcds-details details-title="Screen reader compatibility">
  <p>Screen readers can be used to navigate the system by people using assistive technologies.</p>
</gcds-details>

<gcds-details details-title="Responsive design">
  <p>The components are responsive so people have consistent experiences regardless of the device they use.</p>
</gcds-details>

### Visuals

<gcds-details details-title="Colour contrast">

>   <p>Text and interface elements meet or exceed the required colour contrast ratios to maintain readability for people with visual impairments.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <p>Text and interface elements meet or exceed the required colour contrast ratios to maintain readability for people with low vision or colour blindness.</p>
```

</gcds-details>

<gcds-details details-title="Non-colour indicators">

>   <p>In addition to colour, visual cues like shapes, icons, or bold text, are used to indicate important information for people with colour deficiencies.</p> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <p>In addition to colour, visual cues like shapes, icons, or bold text, are used to indicate important information for people with colour blindness.</p> 
```
